Using an Elevator

The robot should proceed toward the elevator and then press the button.
The button pressed is determined on the direction the robot intends to go to. (Only 2 options are available(depending on the current floor); up or down)
Once the elevator door(s) open, the robot should move to the inside of the elevator.
Next, turn toward the buttons that usually are on the same side as the door(s).
These buttons may be illuminated, but if not, they (likely) all have numbers.
The desired floor has a corresponding number to match.
Floor numbers are usually arranged from highest number to lowest number, top to bottom.
There may be exceptions, such as “P” for “Penthouse”, or “L” for "Lobby", etc.
The robot should understand the different integers and even and odd numbers.
  If robot's current floor number != to destination floor, then robot should add the number of floors needed to = the number desired, if going up (Ex: Currently on floor #5, destination is floor #8, robot computes destination floor (8) - current floor (5) and arrives at 3. This number is then added to current floor to have the robot push the corresponding button (8)
  In the same way, if the destination is lower than the current floor, in the end the robot will subtract. (Ex: Currently on floor #12, destination is floor #6, robot computes current floor (12) - destination floor (6) to and arrives at the computation of 6. Robot then subtracts 6 from 12 because the direction is now going down) to arrive at destination floor).
  Robot follows logic: if current floor < destination floor the difference will be added (going up). Inversely if current floor > destination floor the difference will be subtracted (going down)
Once the robot identifies the button matching its provided destination, it should push it.
The button will likely illuminate (either brighter or a different color).
The illumination signifies that the elevator has recognized the command to go there.
The robot should wait until it has arrived at the floor number it has selected.
The robot may listen to queues (e.g. another robotic voice announcing the floor arrival).
The robot may also look for the number outside the elevator door shaft (or at an indicator within the elevator) to verify arrival.
Once destination is reached, robot may exit the elevator car and allow doors to close.
To get back to original location, repeat steps in the opposite direction.




Making the bed

First get out of bed.
After exiting the bed turn towards it
If there is anything that needs to be removed form the bed, take it off.
Begin with removing the blanket and /or top sheet (if there are any).
Affix the fitted sheet so that all four corners of the bed are fully covered.
Smooth out the sheet so the it looks as uniform as possible without any wrinkles.
Repeat the most recent two steps above, this time with the top layer sheet.
Next, repeat the same two steps as previously done, this time with the blanket.
Lastly, place pillows on the bed where you would like to lay your head.
Walk away from bed so that you are not tempted to go back to sleep 1 minute later.